[Alerting][Docs] Support enablement documentation. (#101457)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/alerting/troubleshooting/testing-connectors.asciidoc

[role="xpack"]
[[testing-connectors]]

> === Testing Connectors

Reviewer: stopped here
```suggestion
=== Test connectors
```

> By using Kibana Management UI you can test you newly created Connector by getting to the Test tab of Connector Edit flyout, by clicking "Save & test" button on Create flyout:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By using Kibana Management UI you can test a newly created Connector by navigating to the Test tab of Connector Edit flyout or by clicking "Save & test" button on Create flyout:
```

Reviewer 2: Can we add a line about context variables not being available on the Test tab?

[role="screenshot"]
image::user/alerting/images/connector-save-and-test.png[Rule management page with the errors banner]

> or by direct opnening the proper connector Edit flyout:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
or by directly opening the proper connector Edit flyout:
```

[role="screenshot"]
image::user/alerting/images/email-connector-test.png[Rule management page with the errors banner]

[role="screenshot"]
image::user/alerting/images/teams-connector-test.png[Five clauses define the condition to detect]

[float]

> ==== Experimental[] Troubleshooting Connectors with `kbn-action` tool

Reviewer 2: Experimental doesn't have the right formatting

Executing an Email action via https://github.com/pmuellr/kbn-action[kbn-action]. In this example, is using a cloud deployment of the stack:

> [source,console]

Reviewer 2: can probably remove `console` since you can't copy these to the DEV console

--------------------------------------------------
$ npm -g install pmuellr/kbn-action

$ export KBN_URLBASE=https://elastic:<password>@<cloud-host>.us-east-1.aws.found.io:9243

$ kbn-action ls
[
    {
        "id": "a692dc89-15b9-4a3c-9e47-9fb6872e49ce",
        "actionTypeId": ".email",
        "name": "gmail",
        "config": {
            "from": "test@gmail.com",
            "host": "smtp.gmail.com",
            "port": 465,
            "secure": true,
            "service": null
        },
        "isPreconfigured": false,
        "referencedByCount": 0
    }
]
--------------------------------------------------

> and the execute this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and then execute this:
```

> [source,console]

Reviewer 2: can probably remove `console` since you can't copy these to the DEV console
